Update Docker/Kube docs (#1337)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/kubernetes/README.md

# Kubernetes Install

This version of the FlowForge platform is intended for running in the Kubernetes (sometimes referred to as K8s)
Container management system. Typically suited for large on premise deployments or deployment in Cloud infrastructure.

### Prerequisites

#### Kubectl

To manage a Kubernetes cluster you will need a copy of the `kubectl` utility. Instructions on 
how to install it can be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).
#### Helm

FlowForge uses a Helm Chart to manage deployment. Installation can be done
through the instructions on [their website](https://helm.sh).

#### Kubernetes

You will need a Kubernetes environment. The deployment has currently been tested on the following environments:

 - [AWS EKS](aws.md)
 - [Digital Ocean](dgitial-ocean.md)
 - MicroK8s

 It should run on any Kubernetes platform, but may require some changes for vendor specific Ingress setup.

 By default the Helm chart assumes that the Kubernetes cluster has at least 2 nodes:

 - One used to run the FlowForge management infrastructure
 - One or more used to run the Node-RED Project instances

> You can run a small scale PoC on a single node cluster, details of how to do this can be found in the [Configure FlowForge](#configure-flowforge) section below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a small scale Proof-of-Concept on a single node cluster, details of how to do this can be found in the [Configure FlowForge](#configure-flowforge) section below. 
```

A more detailed example for running on AWS can be found [here](aws.md)

As mentioned earlier the Helm chart defaults to expecting at least 2 nodes in the Kubernetes cluster.

You will need to label at least one node to run the management application and one to run the Node-RED Projects.

You can do this with the `kubectl` utility. The following command lists 
all the nodes in the cluster

```
kubectl get nodes
```

You can then use `kubectl label node` to add the required labels:

FlowForge management node(s)
```
kubectl label node <management node name> role=management
```
Node-RED projects node(s)
```
kubectl label node <projects node name> role=projects
```

To override this you can remove the node selectors with the following which will mean that all pods can run on any nodes.

```yaml
forge:
  projectSelector:
  managementSelector:
```

A full list of all the configurable values can be found in the [Helm Chart README](https://github.com/flowforge/helm/blob/main/helm/flowforge/README.md).

The install can then be started with the following command:

```

> helm upgrade --install flowforge flowforge/flowforge -f customization.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm upgrade --atomic --install flowforge flowforge/flowforge -f customization.yml
```
